This directory contains unix file size data collected with the assistance
of the Internet community circa October 1993.

    README.request
        Copy of posting requesting help in gathering file size data.
    README.analysis
        Copy of posting reporting results of the file size survey.
    data.mail/
        Directory containing file size data provided by the Internet
        community.  Each file contains file size data for one file
        system - represented as a list of file size, file count pairs.
        The filename is derived from the mail address from which the
        data was sent.  Unfortunately many machines can have the same
        "From" address.  Only about half the time did the mail come
        from "root" - consequently in some cases not all the files on
        the file system will have been accessible.  It is not thought
        this will have had a significant effect on the nature of the
        data.  Symbolic links and files with holes are not included.
        Files or directories with multiple hard links are listed once.
        Roughly 6,000,000 files surveyed.
    data.hitz/
        Directory containing file size data previously generated
        by Dave Hitz of Network Appliances early in 1993.  Not used
        in my analysis - data is not on a per file system basis.
        Included here in case other people find it useful.  Roughly
        200,000 files surveyed.
    block, check, combine, inode_space, sizes, total
        Asorted scripts I used to analyze the data.  Included in
        the vague chance they might be of some use.  Nothing is
        portable, nothing is documented. :-(
    run
        Top level script used to analyze the data.  Calls the other
        scripts.
    result.*
        Raw summary data produced by "run".

A lot of files are exactly size 512, or some small multiple thereof.
This is the size taken up by a directory.

A warning to anyone else contemplating a similar survey.  Remember,
unix files can have holes in them.  I almost forgot - doing so has
the potential to make any disk space consumption statistics totally
bogus.

                                            Gordon Irlam
                                            gordoni@netcom.com
